feat(HTTP): Refresh 2XX response pages (#34422)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/status/205/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

The HTTP **`205 Reset Content`** status response code tells the client to reset the document view.
It is part of the `200`-`299` class of [successful responses](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#successful_responses).

This response is intended to support use cases where the user receives content that supports data entry, submits user-edited data in a request, and the content is reset for the next entry by the client.
An instruction to "Reset Content" can mean clearing the contents of a form, resetting a canvas state, or refreshing a UI, but this is dependent on client implementations.

There must be no payload in the response body, and this can be indicated using `Content-Length: 0` response header or `Transfer-Encoding: chunked` response header with an empty chunk.

## Status

```http
205 Reset Content
```

## Examples

### Resetting a form

A request for form submission may look like the following:

```http
POST /submit HTTP/1.1
Host: example.com
Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
Content-Length: 15

comment=Hello!
```

The server may send a response that indicates that the client should reset a form.

> It's assumed that the client supports resetting the content for entering data on `205` responses via JavaScript, as this is not handled natively by browsers:

Reviewer: This one is not specific to the example and applies generally to 205. Could we add it as a note to the main content before "Status" section?

```suggestion
> **Note:** It's assumed that the client supports resetting the content after a `205` response. This is typically done via JavaScript, as resetting content after a `205` is not handled natively by browsers.
```

> > **Note:** It's assumed that the client supports resetting the content after a `205` response. This is typically done via JavaScript, as resetting content after a `205` is not handled natively by browsers.

Author: super, done in https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/34422/commits/446dfb251ab64931d2ab857eab6d52d19e3a0ae3

```http
HTTP/1.1 205 Reset Content
Content-Type: text/html; charset=utf-8
Content-Length: 0
Date: Wed, 26 Jun 2024 12:00:00 GMT
```

## Specifications

{{Specifications}}

## Compatibility notes

> Browser behavior differs if this response erroneously includes a body on persistent connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Browser behaviors differ if this response erroneously includes a body on persistent connections.
```

> See [204 No Content](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/204) for more details.

Author: good idea
